added english documentation (#13)
line/line-things-dev-board: docs-en/trouble-shooting.md

Please bear in mind that the battery power source is not enough to drive the motors. An external power source is highly recommended.

## Motor moves but seems unstable
The GND pad on the under side of the DRV8830DGQR IC may not be soldered. Make sure to solder it via the through-hole connection from the bottom side of the dev board.

## Something was originally working then stopped working while programming/debugging
If you are using I2C devices (the OLED display, temperature sensor, accelerometer on the board), their communications may have been deadlocked. Resetting the development board will not resolve the issue, so you will need to power cycle the board.

## Arduino cannot compile the sample files
In Arduino, go to `Tools -> Board` and open **Boards Manager**. Search for "nRF52" and find **Adafruit nRF52 by Adafruit**. Make sure that the version installed is **0.10.1** or higher.

## I've set a new UUID but the advertised UUID remains unchanged
The default sample firmware stores the UUID in Flash memory. In order to make changes to the UUID, the UUID changes must be applied after the device boots up the firmware and override the preloaded UUID value.

> See [Reverting Service UUID to Stock](#service-uuid-reset)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See [Return the Service UUID to its initial state](../README.md#return-the-service-uuid-to-its-initial-state)
```

> See [Reverting Service UUID to Stock](#service-uuid-reset)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See [Return the Service UUID to its initial state](../README.md#return-the-service-uuid-to-its-initial-state)
```
